[SPEAKER_04]: It appears that Sony has turned their change of heart into business-level course correction, no longer requiring compulsory PlayStation Network logins when playing titles on PC.
[SPEAKER_04]: Of course, signing into PSN does give you goodies, and Sony the right to sell data about you, but what's the little modern sales behaviors between buyers and sellers?
[SPEAKER_04]: To be clear, I'm no longer talking about players.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe managed democracy works?
[SPEAKER_04]: Hopefully we're not on the precipice of the first galactic war.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
[SPEAKER_04]: Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_06]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live tonight, February the 2nd of 2025, Groundhog Day, episode number 1034, 1034 of our show.
[SPEAKER_06]: And from what I understood, that groundhog saw the shadow and went back in, which means six more weeks of winter.
[SPEAKER_06]: So in the words of RuPaul, cue the sniper.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
[SPEAKER_01]: That Greyhound was smart and just went, oh, the sun is up.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going back to bed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Bye, bitches.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, I think that groundhog perked up and said, oh, this is what I'm missing out on?
[SPEAKER_06]: Never mind.
[SPEAKER_06]: Good night.
[SPEAKER_01]: America.
[SPEAKER_06]: Remember that song in that South Park adjacent movie?
[SPEAKER_06]: I've decided to reword the lyrics.
[SPEAKER_06]: America, what the fuck?
[SPEAKER_06]: That's the new lyrics.
[SPEAKER_06]: America, fuck no.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, let's also say hello to the ever-patriotic Techmaster Loki, who is muted, actually, I believe.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, I'm muted.
[SPEAKER_02]: Microphone, fuck no.
[SPEAKER_06]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, oh yeah, PogCulture in chat says, America, fuck that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh lord, alright.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_06]: Fuck it.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a video game show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's just jump right on in.
[SPEAKER_06]: I got tangents at the top of the show, but I'm looking in chat, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um...
[SPEAKER_06]: Big question in chat and, you know, with what's going on in the world, I don't, I mean, I completely understand why people are asking this.
[SPEAKER_06]: E3VL asks in chat, are video games going to be more expensive due to tariffs?
[SPEAKER_06]: Fair question.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's the best part.
[SPEAKER_05]: Everything is.
[SPEAKER_06]: I actually tend to disagree that the hardware will, certainly.
[SPEAKER_06]: Depending on, and the big question is...
[SPEAKER_06]: Has Nintendo already started making those Switch 2s or not?
[SPEAKER_06]: That's like what a big... Because if they have had to bring in the parts and so forth, although I'm sure they're building them overseas, but I'm not sure exactly what country.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if they build them in China or if they build them...
[SPEAKER_06]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: So much is digital distribution.
[SPEAKER_06]: And what I think is going to happen is that with all these tariffs, you know, if Mexico is going to be more for the discs and all this stuff or wherever, it's probably going to push even more to digital distribution, I think is ultimately what happens.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because there, you know, especially in the indie front, you know, video games on itch.io are not going to change price.
[SPEAKER_05]: DLC is not going to change price you see what this does is obviously obviously the price of games are going to go up so significant and this is why we need to have on $100 GTA 6 certainly it's not all the tariffs but certainly we're going to use this as an excuse and it's going to be so weird because when those tariffs go away
[SPEAKER_05]: Whoa, whoa, hold on.
[SPEAKER_05]: Why are the game prices not coming down again?
[SPEAKER_05]: What's that all about?
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, it's because there's an excuse.
[SPEAKER_01]: Or they're going to say that they're going to use DLC and online media and press costs across the whole spectrum to make up for it or some shit.
[SPEAKER_05]: or you just tell them to go fuck themselves and you're gonna play indie games that are gonna charge you $100 for a game that may or may not have a roadmap at launch to fix the game to bring it to a whole game like it's just it's stupid that they demand more money for this stuff to be fair
[SPEAKER_06]: you know with itch.io yeah I'm saying oh the indie games and digital games the cost of that isn't going to go up but you know if this whole thing starts to spiral where the cost of this is going up the cost of that is going up then actually in time indie games may cost more because those indie developers deserve to you know have their money and and make their living and they're going to need more money in order to buy that stuff and we'll see what happens because one big thing about that is they're going to have to upgrade their equipment sometime oh yeah yeah yeah good point
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, if the United States essentially tanks their economy with all these bad decisions, I mean, because obviously these decisions don't make any sense whatsoever, they may reverse course on this stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: Then again, they may not because they're like, oh, well, we can't look stupid.
[SPEAKER_05]: Too late, but like, you know, you never know.
[SPEAKER_05]: They've been going, like, even on the whole tariff thing, they were going back and forth, like, it was like, yeah, we are.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, no, wait, we're going to wait until March.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, we are.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's like...
[SPEAKER_05]: It's chaotic over there.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the turd thing is like, I'm just gonna go ahead and do it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it is important to state, we are recording live on February 2nd.
[SPEAKER_06]: These things are not supposed to go into effect until February 4th.
[SPEAKER_06]: Could there be a last minute miracle?
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe, maybe not.
[SPEAKER_06]: There tends to be, you know, if something changes, it tends to be at the midnight hour.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, you know, there could be something, but I'm, this is just one of those things.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm out of breath to hold for the next four years.
[SPEAKER_06]: I am out of breath.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, what can you do?
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, I just want to answer that question.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's something that a lot of people are thinking about right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: But my advice to you is that if you really want to have a Switch 2 upon release, start saving.
[SPEAKER_06]: If physical media is important to you, start saving.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you might want to also think about the next year or so might be really good for the backlog.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that could be very bad for the industry.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, the industry's already been struggling with a lot of game sales.
[SPEAKER_06]: We've had a lot of games that have not been performing up to these...
[SPEAKER_06]: and questionable expectations the company set for it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I had another tangent, but this is a perfect transition into our kickoff topic.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'll orange launch Foodio later because on this, we've got to get into our kickoff topic tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, I know you've got a story here and DarkSakura, I would be hard pressed to believe you don't have an opinion on this because I know this is a studio you care a lot about.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, what's going on?
[SPEAKER_05]: So Bioware is doing even more layoffs.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're laying off the core team after basically ending support for the Dragon Age Veilguard.
[SPEAKER_05]: Apparently that underperformed quite a bit, and now they are entirely working on the next Mass Effect game.
[SPEAKER_05]: says that it's being developed by the core team under the guidance of series veterans and says in keeping with our fierce commitment innovation during the development and delivery of Mass Effect we have challenged ourselves to think deeply blah blah blah that's a bunch of PR crap let's see it says yeah essentially that they're just not going to work on Dragon Age anymore so they get rid of that team that was behind that yeah it says uh
[SPEAKER_05]: apparently according to the writing team it would have been better yeah according to Bloomberg it says the studio now has fewer than 100 employees after dozens were laid off and dozens more permanently moved to other EA studios the cuts include veteran staff like writer Trick Weeks who worked on Mass Effect and Dragon Age for decades yeah yeah
[SPEAKER_01]: Who I don't think is very happy about this.
[SPEAKER_01]: I follow them on the blue skies.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, you know, I kind of wanted to let you have the floor for a minute because I know you stream Dragon Age.
[SPEAKER_06]: You've been a fan of this series for a long time.
[SPEAKER_06]: Certainly you've had a reaction to all this.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I'm...
[SPEAKER_01]: Vailgarden
[SPEAKER_05]: Wasn't Veil Guard supposed to have been a live service game and then they pivoted into single player?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: It depends what rumors you want to believe.
[SPEAKER_01]: Multiplayer has always been an afterthought when it comes because they had multiplayer in Inquisition but no, it's all been single player every last one of them including this one.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's the intent from the beginning.
[SPEAKER_05]: I get that and that makes sense.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's where it should be as in single player.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's just EA is greedy as hell and they want more live service games and so I could see them trying to push this to be a live service game and then pivoting again because Anthem.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's not going to work with Anthem so maybe the expectations for how it should have performed took into account the live service revenue that they would have
[SPEAKER_01]: and so there's like no way for this to perform even though it even underperformed I think what it you know a single player game would have done well I can give you a little bit more behind that is that there was definitely some bad writing decisions and they didn't have the original writing team and people knew it people were waiting for the first the first reviews of the game and basically a lot of us really did kind of you know poop on it a bit
[SPEAKER_01]: they made it I mean I think it's still I still have a lot of fun playing it I'm still enjoying it but I think that they made lots of mistakes when when making the game
[SPEAKER_06]: Questbuster in chat with a really interesting comment here over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says worried about Mass Effect but growing interest in that upcoming Exodus game by one of the Bioware veterans that's a very interesting perspective too is that maybe at this point Bioware somewhat feels like a lost cause and to me it all comes back to Anthem but I didn't I didn't hate Dragon Age like Dragon Age is fine but I understand that it's
[SPEAKER_06]: I understand it kind of took things in a different direction, just handled things differently.
[SPEAKER_05]: How many of the original teams even left?
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh god, who knows at this point.
[SPEAKER_06]: you know but also think about how many years it's been since the last Mass Effect or Dragon Age it wasn't Inquisition the classic game of the week it's at least 10 years old you know so so and as is Mass Effect 3 I think was what 2012 question mark it's it's a pretty old game at this point yeah it's been a while I mean honestly I think that that Mass Effect is going to be their like last ditch effort to save the company I agree and they gotta make it really amazing yeah
[SPEAKER_06]: And I hope it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think in that engine they used for Dragon Age.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, Dragon Age was a very good looking game and it's very fluid.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so I'm excited to see what Mass Effect might look like there.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, if the writing is kind of...
[SPEAKER_06]: The writing was so strong in the original trilogy.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm just worried for what's going to happen in the new one.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then, of course, I'm completely leaving Andromeda out of the conversation, which Andromeda's biggest problem was that it was more half-baked.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think EA rushed that game out.
[SPEAKER_06]: We all know that, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: They forced deadlines on that game that it wasn't ready for, and then the product that we got was not a fully-baked product, and it suffered ever since.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was never able to be the game that people wanted it to be.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think most of us were hoping, foolishly perhaps, that 2025 was going to be a different tone in this industry.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because this strikes me as, okay, this is our first big layoff story of 2025, when last year was just week after week after week.
[SPEAKER_06]: And maybe the hope was, maybe it'll be different this year, but...
[SPEAKER_06]: Apparently not.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now with everything else we just talked about at the top of the show, how much more is this industry going to suffer?
[SPEAKER_06]: Because the AAA model cannot sustain itself.
[SPEAKER_06]: And as much as Loki's joking about $100 Grand Theft Auto VI, the AAA model cannot sustain itself.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, other games they say didn't meet expectations.
[SPEAKER_06]: Apparently Final Fantasy XVI didn't meet expectations either.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that game was fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: But, you know, it's...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: and the games that are huge runaway successes are the ones that are made on a shoestring budget.
[SPEAKER_06]: Your Stardew Valleys, your Minecrafts, your Five Nights, your games that are made for vampire survivors.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're made for hardly anything because it's a very small team and they go viral.
[SPEAKER_06]: They just make oodles and oodles of money.
[SPEAKER_05]: Get to work.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a perfect example of just games that are meant for the streaming audience.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, unless, unless you're mad.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, it's not to say every AAA game flops, but you know, unless you are like a mad, I don't even know, how did those, didn't actually, the EA free, their first non-FIFA game, I don't think met expectations either.
[SPEAKER_06]: EAFC, whatever they call it, didn't meet expectations either.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, what I would like to know with these expectations is what fucking stupid analyst is creating these expectations?
[SPEAKER_05]: That is a great fucking question.
[SPEAKER_05]: If they are missing the mark every time, because the whole point as an analyst is you're supposed to guess, this is what we think this is going to do.
[SPEAKER_05]: If you fuck up that much every single time, then you need to get fired.
[SPEAKER_05]: You need to be one of those that's hitting the road, because you obviously don't know what this industry is or how it operates if it's like,
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, we're just disappointed again.
[SPEAKER_05]: Especially when we're talking about Square Enix and Tomb Raider, where it's sold 3 million copies.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, that's just not enough.
[SPEAKER_05]: What the fuck do you mean it's not enough?
[SPEAKER_06]: My impression is that it comes down to this.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, because Fortnite made this much, we're expecting to make this much.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a different fucking game.
[SPEAKER_05]: I know.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's like saying that like, you know, Beast Game didn't get so many views, but the Super Bowl has all of these, and clearly those are the same.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, no, it's not.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's like, it's too it's a different type of game altogether.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, you cannot compare that stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: And once again, if your analyst thinks it's a good idea to compare those two, he's a fucking moron and needs to get fired.
[SPEAKER_05]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_05]: From one analyst to another, you're a fucking moron if that's how you do your calculations.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's spicy tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know, I know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hecton Chat says, is it an analyst or is it their finance department?
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, all of the above in many cases.
[SPEAKER_05]: It doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_05]: Whoever is making these projections, what I think is happening is they're allowing these projections to be very high so that their investors put more money into their company and their stock price goes up.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that's really what's important to them.
[SPEAKER_05]: And when they don't meet the mark, it gives them excuse to fire more people, which also makes the stock price go up.
[SPEAKER_05]: and that's what it is it's all in service to the stock price and your shareholders not the game industry they don't give a shit about that
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I think that that is actually a really good response to everything going on because especially in light of everything we were talking about at the top of the show which could drive the price of hardware through the fucking roof now is an opportunity for cloud gaming potentially to get you know not that it doesn't exist but to even you know catch more fire behind it and run those types of things and I think being able to deliver that sorts of things to every experience is going to be even more important and I think it's you know
[SPEAKER_06]: I think part of the reason Final Fantasy XVI didn't meet expectations was limiting itself to PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think anything that limits itself to one console, maybe Nintendo excluded, but I'll come back to that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anything that limits itself to one console is going to be in trouble at this point.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's not the same industry anymore.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a dumb strategy.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's just think about this.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's say...
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm PlayStation, okay, and I'm going to have maybe four, let's talk about like at the launch of, PlayStation 6 is coming out, and let's say I've got five exclusive titles within the first two years of that console.
[SPEAKER_05]: So first off, let's talk about the console.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: you know, however many games people buy because I know, I don't buy a ton of games on consoles anymore and let's just say that, you know, you're purchasing 5 games a year or something like that, 10 games or something like that so they're making a few percentage points off of 10 games total throughout the entire year, is that really...
[SPEAKER_05]: It's advantageous to then also cut out an entire market of hundreds of thousands of people.
[SPEAKER_05]: So you may make 10 more sales from this person, but you're losing hundreds of thousands on everything else.
[SPEAKER_05]: It doesn't make sense.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think nowadays, especially with PC, if you're smart, it's like, well, I don't need to even get a console.
[SPEAKER_05]: Just wait for everything to come to PC because it eventually does for the most part.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's just...
[SPEAKER_05]: they're going to have to switch strategies because like you said before it's not a sustainable business model anymore they need to pivot or die is what's going to happen
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, I mentioned before Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nintendo sort of can get away with, you know, time and time again, we can sort of say Nintendo ought to put their games on PlayStation and PC, but they don't, and they don't need to.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because Nintendo just has this chokehold on the market, whether it is their very strong, you know, first party identity, such as, you know, it's...
[SPEAKER_06]: They're the Disney.
[SPEAKER_06]: What Disney is to movies, Nintendo is to games.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, tale as old as time in this industry is that Mario is as iconic as Mickey Mouse.
[SPEAKER_06]: Link and Zelda in that franchise is as iconic as, you know, The Little Mermaid or, you know, Beauty and the Beast or some of that stuff, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: So Nintendo is always sort of in this different position.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, and Bobby actually has another interesting point.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nintendo's financial analysts are also more realistic, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: What's that about?
[SPEAKER_06]: Could it be... Well, could it be that Nintendo's in another country?
[SPEAKER_06]: Could it be that Nintendo's in another country?
[SPEAKER_05]: Sony's in another country.
[SPEAKER_05]: Why can't they once again, you know... And, you know, when we're talking like Final Fantasy, Square Enix is certainly in a different country.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's just...
[SPEAKER_05]: It's, I think overall, the way Nintendo kind of, aside from social media, let's not talk about social media and how they handle content creators, but like most things when it comes to business, they seem to handle better than other gaming companies.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think a lot of gaming companies could learn from Nintendo as a model, but
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_05]: It's very obvious that it's profits first.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're like, well, no.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's like, come on, man.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's so transparent what you're doing nowadays.
[SPEAKER_05]: It just doesn't make any sense.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's why they're successful.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's why no one can touch them because they just do it right.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't understand why other companies couldn't do this.
[SPEAKER_05]: Some companies have.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sony used to have some really strong IPs.
[SPEAKER_05]: Microsoft has a ton of strong IPs, but they haven't done a lot with them.
[SPEAKER_05]: Halo...
[SPEAKER_05]: Fuck, man, like... That... I'm glad there's another one coming, but shit, man, it... Well...
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm convinced that Halo Master Chief Collection will absolutely be a Switch 2 launch title.
100%.
[SPEAKER_06]: And if I'm wrong, I'm wrong.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I've had a pretty good track record lately.
[SPEAKER_06]: But all egoists are like, well, okay, speaking of predictions, you want me to make another bold prediction?
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's the thing that I come back to, is that with Nintendo and the fact that they...
[SPEAKER_06]: are kind of immune from this whole, they don't need to put their titles on other consoles.
[SPEAKER_06]: They are really tied to the performance of their hardware.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think we saw this with the Wii U. Like obviously that's why the Wii U was written off so quickly.
[SPEAKER_06]: When they couldn't move that hardware, they couldn't move that software.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then what did they do?
[SPEAKER_06]: They ported like 80% of that software back over to the Switch to kind of recoup those losses years later when they did have a console that was successful.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it really is important that the Switch 2 is strong.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the Breakman in chat says the Switch 2 should be strong enough.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do agree.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't think the Switch 2 is going to have a problem except for the topic that was just under discussion at the top of the show.
[SPEAKER_06]: If we do end up in a situation where the Switch 2 is going to get subject to tariffs and it's going to drive up the price of that console, here's my prediction.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think most people are assuming that console is going to cost about $400, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's say there's a 25% tariff.
[SPEAKER_06]: And again, it's on some of the parts.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's what I think happens.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're going to end up charging like $479 for that console, but they're going to package in Mario Kart 9.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: and Mike Deft says, I don't think they'll bundle a game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't think they do either unless this tariff thing because here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think Nintendo would be willing to write off the cost of Nintendo 9 because moving... Jesus Christ.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think Nintendo would be willing to write off the cost of Mario Kart 9 because moving the hardware is that important.
[SPEAKER_06]: and they could still make money from Mario Kart 9 if it's as huge as we all expect it's going to be selling DLC, tracks, racers, all that shit it's not like that game is going to fucking print money one way or the other Nintendo can afford to bundle it in to hide the tariff cost to still sell that console
[SPEAKER_05]: I still think, though, it's possible that we may not even see tariffs on it, because right now they haven't really targeted Japan for tariffs.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's been China, Europe, Canada, Mexico.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, I think... Well, Japan won't get the bundle.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, I'm just saying, I don't know if the cost of goods... I understand a lot of that stuff's manufactured in China, but I don't think they're looking that deep into it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's like... I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_05]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, God, like...
[SPEAKER_05]: It feels like it's been years already and it's only been a few weeks.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, like, who knows?
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, honestly, at this point, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Bonds006 in chat says, have to say Rob's math sounds right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_06]: The industry will pivot to bundle, thus to soften the blow to players.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's, you are extracting the key point here.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're gonna throw in that little extra to sort of
[SPEAKER_06]: I hope to fuck we aren't sitting here at the end of summer when that Switch 2 is anticipated to release beginning or end of summer let's say it's the end of June or something like that whether it's there or August or whatever releases I hope these tariffs aren't a fucking problem then and then all of this is for naught but if they are, I think bundles is how we start to look to hiding that cost a little bit
[SPEAKER_05]: No, I think it's a good idea.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's certainly, you know, I don't see it as a bad thing to, like, bundle that stuff in.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: And let's be honest.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's be honest.
[SPEAKER_06]: Who, and I know somebody's going to raise their hand up and say, me, fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's always somebody different in the crowd.
[SPEAKER_06]: But in the mass video game fan population, who is going to buy a Switch 2 and not buy Mario Kart 9?
[SPEAKER_02]: Can I raise my hand now?
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't enjoy the Mario Kart games that much, Rob.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I just, you know, it is, but okay, we can say this.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is the top-selling game on the Switch.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, there are many, many, many, many people that do enjoy Mario Kart, so the bundle thing does make sense.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, I hope it doesn't come to that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just think that's how Nintendo responds to it.
[SPEAKER_01]: The other thing, if we don't all have bigger problems going on,
[SPEAKER_06]: True.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, if we're not in an even bigger recession, or there's a lot that can happen between now and then, and thinking about it is kind of overwhelming.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I get it.
[SPEAKER_06]: E3VL says they're not going to bundle top selling game.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's absolutely what the strategy was in the 80s with, you know, Mario Brothers, Duck Hunt and all that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, some of that was more like trying to like more like a proof of getting this thing in the door and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I think there's some of that in that is that sometimes you do bundle your game and or or look at the didn't did Wii Sports come with the Wii?
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess it didn't.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, it did.
[SPEAKER_06]: It did.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it was, you know, obviously the top performer on the Wii.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, Bobby.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think that was just because it was bundled in.
[SPEAKER_06]: I couldn't remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was essentially a tech demo.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, like, yeah, but it was like, but it was, you know, everybody at that time, look, retirement homes and Wii bowling.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was like unheard of right in the gaming industry at that point, video game consoles and retirement homes.
[SPEAKER_06]: So like, you know, that Wii sports, whether, you know, you personally do or don't like it.
[SPEAKER_06]: It came through in a society pop culture kind of way that not a lot of video games have done.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: They've never been able to replicate that success.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know that there have been sequels to Wii Sports and none of them have had as big of a blip as the original.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's very interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe that is because it was a bundle.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hard to say.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I got a nap at least.
[SPEAKER_06]: But one of the things I got to do in Portland while I was walking around... Unfortunately, I did not get to go to the Pinball Museum up there.
[SPEAKER_06]: I contemplated taking the train over there.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did not have my car and that was a mistake.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think next time I go to Portland, I'm going to drive.
[SPEAKER_06]: I had enough to do to entertain me through the weekend, but I think...
[SPEAKER_06]: Next time I would take my car up there or rent a car, I guess, but probably just drive up there or whatever so that I could go out to Hillsboro and go to that big pinball museum.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I could go to Astoria like every 80s kid and go see the Goonies, you know, the museum, the film museum there that was the sheriff's building in the original movie and all that shit.
[SPEAKER_01]: But do not go to the house.
[SPEAKER_01]: They will chase you off.
[SPEAKER_06]: I thought I heard the house has new owners.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have a friend that lives in Astoria.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, I thought they had new owners.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, I know the old owners did that, but I thought they had new owners that were a little more warm to that stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not to my knowledge.
[SPEAKER_01]: People are still, I think, like, you have to, like, schedule something or pay some fee to take a picture in front of the house or something.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm surprised that that hasn't been purchased by some, like,
[SPEAKER_05]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: For the first time when I was in Portland, I went to the mall because no sales tax up there.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I was like, ooh, what am I going to buy?
[SPEAKER_06]: Sadly, I didn't really see a lot because a lot of stores were closed at the downtown mall.
[SPEAKER_06]: They had a Zara, which is a store I like to shop at.
[SPEAKER_06]: It had H&M.
[SPEAKER_06]: I like that too.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I didn't really see anything that really jumped out to me.
[SPEAKER_06]: But in the basement, they had a big food court and they had a Raising Cane's.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sonic Cafe Sonic Speed
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: and I don't know if it was just because there are so many people in the freaking line there but maybe they weren't cooking it thoroughly or something but the fries were not good and the chicken was half-assed in my opinion too it was not very good it reminded me of Carl's Jr.
[SPEAKER_06]: chicken tenders which in my opinion were better why are people standing in line for chicken that is worse than fucking Carl's Jr.
[SPEAKER_06]: which isn't exactly A-tier fast food
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess so.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because, Rob, people don't want to get left out.
[SPEAKER_02]: People love a queue.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess.
[SPEAKER_02]: If five people line up, there's other people who are going to say, what are y'all waiting for?
[SPEAKER_02]: Is there a line here?
[SPEAKER_02]: And they're going to queue up too.
[SPEAKER_05]: We got one in front of the old Toys R Us that's now Hobby Lobby over here locally.
[SPEAKER_05]: Jollibee
[SPEAKER_06]: I haven't had Jollibee yet, somehow.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, Rob, there is a Jollibee almost around the corner from my house.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, if you get over here at some point, we're going to Jollibee.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, sounds good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's see, other comments in chat about the food, because somebody, so Breakman says, I don't use any sauces.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's, I, you know, and I don't need sauce.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I just really didn't like.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, I did not care for Raising Cane's.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will give it this.
[SPEAKER_06]: The Texas Toast was bomb.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was completely unhealthy.
[SPEAKER_06]: You could taste the butter and the cheese just dripping off that shit, but that's what makes it good.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that was the thing I will give Raising Gaze.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is it Sizzler-style Texas Toast?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was pretty fucking good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like with the with like the burnt cheese on top type of thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, it was.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that part I will give.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's go to Sizzler right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_06]: End of show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Orange Lounge Sizzler.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wait, there was another comment here I wanted to get here.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, SG100 Matt says people feel the same way about Shake Shack.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not worth the hype.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm okay with Shake Shack.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's fine, but it's overpriced.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's my biggest complaint.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's overpriced and greasy.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's really greasy.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was not super impressed.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like Steak and Shake.
[SPEAKER_02]: We had that in Mobile.
[SPEAKER_02]: Steak and Shake.
[SPEAKER_06]: See, living in California... Eggnog milkshakes year-round, Rob.
[SPEAKER_06]: Living in California, I also think In-N-Out is one of those places that's really overpriced.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: In-N-Out is fine, but I don't understand the hype where people, when they come to California, go,
[SPEAKER_05]: I am the person that would go to Crystals
[SPEAKER_06]: at 3 in the morning with my drunk ass friends because we don't have White Castle in Alabama we had Crystal and they had Corn Pups and they were fucking good when you're half drunk I would eat Raising Cane's every day, every meal the rest of the month than ever have White Castle again that is the most garbage thing I've ever put in my mouth and I've had a lot of garbage in my mouth alright well
[SPEAKER_05]: I do want to try it someday, just to say that I've tried it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Vegas was how I had it.
[SPEAKER_06]: We have one in Vegas.
[SPEAKER_06]: Freezer section at Walmart.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, but the frozen ones aren't as good.
[SPEAKER_05]: Actually, from the fast food place.
[SPEAKER_05]: The frozen one's not good, but...
[SPEAKER_06]: I would actually say the best drunk food is... Man, I hate Jack in the Box.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think Jack in the Box is the best drunk food.
[SPEAKER_01]: I ate tacos there once and I held it up and oil poured from it like it was coming from my Keurig.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that's like Gym Boys, which is a very local thing, and I fucking love a Gym Boys taco.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Gym Boys makes me fucking sick.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_06]: I like Gym Boys.
[SPEAKER_01]: I told you the story about my first experience with Gym Boys.
[SPEAKER_06]: Look, like, there's two people in this world.
[SPEAKER_06]: The people that love Gym Boys, and the people that immediately shit for an entire day after they ate Gym Boys.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I, look, there's... You mean an entire day?
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to...
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, my first experience was before having a cell phone that was worth anything, and it was very boring.
[SPEAKER_06]: The thing that pisses people off about gym boys is that they use American cheese in their tacos.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what pisses people off.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's disgusting.
[SPEAKER_06]: I understand that part, but there's something about that Parmesan cheese mixed in in the shell that's just so freaking good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: There you go, your Orange Lounge Foodio fast food talk for the week, but I had to get it off my chest that I just, I'm not, I'm gonna call it oatmeal and raisin canes because that's how I feel about the chicken.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's about as exciting as an oatmeal raisin cookie.
[SPEAKER_02]: But, you know what is superior to all of it?
[SPEAKER_01]: Every single last bit of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Waffle House grits.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_01]: You may shake your head, you may scoff, but you are wrong
[SPEAKER_05]: Scoff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Shun the disbeliever.
[SPEAKER_02]: Shun!
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've never been to Waffle House drunk, and I imagine it's a different experience.
[SPEAKER_06]: So maybe... I've never been to Waffle House.
[SPEAKER_05]: I do love waffles.
[SPEAKER_05]: So...
[SPEAKER_01]: Alright, rules.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you go to Waffle House, order your waffle well done, because otherwise it is a little soggy in the middle.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you get your grits, you get them plain, you have a runny egg in it, no butter or anything, just a runny egg.
[SPEAKER_01]: You mix your egg in and let it, what's the word I'm thinking of, temper the egg when you mix it in, and it makes the grits taste so good and creamy and absolutely delightful.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mmm, so good.
[SPEAKER_01]: For the record, Papa John's is not owned by Papa John anymore.
[SPEAKER_06]: Waffle House is one of those things where I'm like, I wouldn't go all the way to Arizona where I think the closest one is.
[SPEAKER_06]: I wouldn't go all the way to Arizona just to go to Waffle House.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it's one of those things where it's like, eh, if I'm on a trip and it's late and it's like, yeah, let's get the experience.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's do it.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what it was in Atlanta.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it was the first time I had it, it was really late at DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was like, you know what?
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's get the Waffle House thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh no, I had gone to Waffle House the first time in Tucson, actually, when I was visiting friends.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guarantee you if I go to Dragon Con, we're eating at Waffle House every fucking day.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's two within walking distance of Dragon Con, so it's not... One of them is super crowded, the other one is super not.
[SPEAKER_06]: DragonCon 2025
[SPEAKER_06]: um but I will be there uh as a what they call a um attending professional um basically because of you know all the work that I've been able to do for OLR and stuff over the years and my horror hosting comes into that as well um so I'm really excited to be back at DragonCon this year and you know whatever they they asked me to do I'll do it with bells on so well I have a quote from my mother what's that about why she will not live out here
[SPEAKER_01]: for many reasons, but the big reason.
[SPEAKER_06]: They don't have a Waffle House.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I quote, I ain't living nowhere that don't got a Waffle House.
The end.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bonds006 says, Rob needs some New York City hangover pizza.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, been there, done that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I love New York City pizza.
[SPEAKER_06]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Love it.
[SPEAKER_06]: New York City Pizza is bomb.
[SPEAKER_01]: The best Sbarro's I ever went to was the one in Times Square.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was also the cheapest food there.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm talking the place on the fucking corner from my friend's house.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know the fucking name.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just the corner pizza store.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's great.
[SPEAKER_06]: But here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: And people are going to say, well, what do you prefer, Rob?
[SPEAKER_06]: New York City Pizza or Chicago Pizza?
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'm going to say stop.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not everything has to be a fight.
[SPEAKER_06]: Both are good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will happily eat both.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you can also throw in Detroit Style.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, there's that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, God, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Saburo, I went there because it was the only thing that was in my budget.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it was actually the best I had ever been to anywhere in the country.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I would also say there is a difference.
[SPEAKER_06]: Chicago pizza is a meal.
[SPEAKER_06]: New York pizza is a extra meal.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't want to say a snack, but New York pizza is a...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_01]: I was busy
[SPEAKER_01]: Dragon Age The Veil Guard Dragon Age The Veil Guard Dragon Age The Veil Guard
[SPEAKER_01]: because I own the cartridge.
[SPEAKER_01]: I own two systems.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm legally allowed to do it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Couldn't get it to work.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I love fucking GORF.
[SPEAKER_01]: So this is mad.
[SPEAKER_01]: So for PC Engine, I played Summer Carnival 92 Alzadik, which is like a two-minute score attack kind of thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was one of the Summer Carnival games, and I wanted to give it a try.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like RECA.
[SPEAKER_01]: I played R-Type CD, and I remembered why I don't like R-Type CD, because I hate the music.
[SPEAKER_01]: and I played some Devil's Crush
[SPEAKER_01]: and then I played some Super Fantasy Zone on the Genesis Mega Drive and I played Atari 7800 Dig Dug and I started on WonderSwan Color I started Digimon Adventure Zero 2 D1 Tamers which honestly is a lot more fun than Pokemon games I'm just gonna be up there with that right now not more exciting and that and I freaking love early Digimon stuff so but yeah that's what I played nice
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, Loki, how about you?
[SPEAKER_06]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_05]: It was just basically Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it was still doing some more tweaks to my theme park for the end of season tours, just kind of finishing up that stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: I actually gave a tour to one of our server mates on Thursday.
[SPEAKER_05]: We did a live stream, or she did a live stream, and did all that.
[SPEAKER_05]: So that was fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: Did I see that your video was getting more views?
[SPEAKER_06]: Like it was up to like a thousand views?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, it's up to almost 1,400 now.
[SPEAKER_05]: They've stopped pushing it, though.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's flattened out.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's still a bummer.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, that's not bad.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, better than 50 views.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, like, yeah, certainly.
[SPEAKER_05]: So that's good.
[SPEAKER_05]: But don't judge your self-worth on the view count.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's an amazing video.
[SPEAKER_06]: Listen to everybody telling you it's an amazing video.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, and then Bellaltro played more of that, of course.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um...
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, that's pretty much it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Great.
[SPEAKER_06]: My gaming week was a little abbreviated because of my trip, so I can't really say I played a lot.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did buy Hello Kitty Island Adventure because I thought I would play it on the plane, but I ended up napping.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, I can nap on planes.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'll probably play that this week because, yeah, I had to buy it.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was only 40 bucks.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was like, what?
[SPEAKER_06]: I want to play it so look forward to that next week otherwise I got the classics working on my Steam Deck so I've been just randomly doing that I've been playing Super Mario Kart like the original original just you know working on my achievements my retro achievements for older games so I started Super Mario Kart because that's the game I wanted to play that's it
[SPEAKER_06]: I was going to ask if you traveled with the Steam Deck.
[SPEAKER_06]: I didn't.
[SPEAKER_06]: I traveled with the Switch, but I just felt like the Steam Deck was too much.
[SPEAKER_06]: For some reason, I felt the Switch was a little bit better, but then I didn't play it once just because I was busy doing tourist stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's probably for the best I wasn't in a hotel room playing my video games all day.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was out walking and seeing the city in between the rain.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, but, uh, also Diablo 4, no surprise there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Y'all know I fucking love that game and been going still on season seven.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'm up to Torment 2 on my Barbarian that I've been playing.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Diablo 7 is getting like a little mini event for, it's kind of a belated Lunar New Year event because it doesn't start till Tuesday.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think Lunar New Year was last week, but fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: Uh, it's, it's going to be here.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think they're doing a bit of a bug fix patch and kind of balancing some of the things of the season.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um,
[SPEAKER_06]: Diablo 4 Diablo 3 Diablo 4 Diablo 4 Diablo 3
[SPEAKER_06]: maybe not next week but in two weeks we're gonna have Civ 7 is gonna hit that's a big deal for me and then also I believe Avowed hits in that same time frame I think Avowed is February 13th if I remember right so those are two big heavy hitters at least the type of games that are my jam in the same week so February's got some big stuff on the horizon so that'll be exciting alright
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, since that's it for our gaming week, let's move on to our next story, which I guess, I'm sorry, Loki, we did address that a little bit, but... No!
[SPEAKER_05]: You took my story, Doc!
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm sorry!
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe not a year.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think it came out, was it October?
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't remember if it was last year or not.
[SPEAKER_05]: But essentially Forza Horizon 5.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was 23.
[SPEAKER_05]: It wasn't 2024.
23?
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: So last October.
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe it was.
[SPEAKER_06]: Was it all the way in 2022?
[SPEAKER_05]: I think it was 2023.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, it's been out for a while.
[SPEAKER_05]: So essentially made its sales on Xbox.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now Forza Horizon 5 is going to be coming to Sony's platform.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it says...
[SPEAKER_05]: well uh oh it says it was out four years ago wow it's been a while okay wow really yeah uh wow so yeah they're gonna be releasing the game uh it says uh I don't know what the date is on that but yeah they're Forza Horizon 5 on PS5 and then they're also I think it's gonna have all the unlocks kind of like a game of the year edition or something like that so that's gonna be pretty cool um
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, this is not going to be the last Xbox title on PlayStation and probably not on the Switch as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, we're probably going to see stuff like that come to the Switch pretty soon.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it makes sense.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, essentially allowing folks to experience these games for the first time if they're on these platforms and not on the Xbox platforms.
[SPEAKER_05]: It just makes sense to make more sales, especially on these older titles like this that could have some new life on new platforms.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think the reason why some people don't want to believe it is because Forza Horizon is the title that some people will tell you is the reason to have an Xbox.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know a lot of people associate Xbox with Halo and some of the other titles, but for many people, Forza Horizon is like, oh, if there's anything you need to play on Xbox that you can't play anywhere else,
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: Game Pass Game Pass Game Pass Game Pass
[SPEAKER_05]: Am I not still a Nintendo fan?
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, because I want to play the game, you know, and I can play it on a different platform.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, I would still be a fan of whatever that is.
[SPEAKER_05]: It doesn't matter if it's coming out on other platforms.
[SPEAKER_05]: You're a fan of the content.
[SPEAKER_05]: That'd be like saying, you know, like, I'm a fan of the VCR they play all these movies on, but not necessarily the movies that are in the VCR or the DVD player, Blu-ray player, whatever the case may be.
[SPEAKER_05]: But, like...
[SPEAKER_05]: specifically I'm just a fan of the actual hardware like it's silly it's a silly argument to make you're a fan of the different franchises and IP that these different companies have and the fact that they're putting them out on multiple platforms out there like it shouldn't matter what it's on like just play it where you can play it on the same note though imagine it's a toaster and you have a toaster that's got better qualities that you like on it even if the toast isn't always the best
[SPEAKER_06]: Can it make the Texas toast just right?
[SPEAKER_01]: I want that steam toaster, by the way.
[SPEAKER_01]: But anyway, that's a different story.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I'm just saying that I see how people are like, well, I prefer the way that this one is operated and the way this one is set up.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because, I mean, they are two similar technologies done differently.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I can see someone being a fan of the tech.
[SPEAKER_01]: But in the end, is the game fun?
[SPEAKER_06]: Is the game fun?
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because look at, I mean, again, look at a lot of these games I was mentioning at the top of the show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Vampire Survivors, Stardew Valley, hell, Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_01]: None of these games.
[SPEAKER_01]: I prefer a PlayStation controller to an Xbox controller.
[SPEAKER_06]: Have cutting edge graphics.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do love a PlayStation controller.
[SPEAKER_06]: Although the new Xbox controller is actually really damn good.
[SPEAKER_06]: I maybe give PlayStation a slight edge, but I will say the PlayStation controller kind of wears on my hands after playing it for a long time, and the Xbox one doesn't.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will give it to Xbox in that department.
[SPEAKER_06]: I get more mileage out of the Xbox controller in one session.
[SPEAKER_01]: Give me a Saturn analog controller.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm happy.
[SPEAKER_06]: Give me a GameCube controller.
[SPEAKER_06]: Never better.
[SPEAKER_05]: Creeper Toaster
[SPEAKER_05]: That was just a regular toaster.
[SPEAKER_05]: It did make creeper faces on it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It just was a regular damn toaster.
[SPEAKER_05]: Next to it, though, they had an Xbox toaster that made the Xbox logo on the toast.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's how it's supposed to work.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't want a branded toaster that's just a regular toaster.
[SPEAKER_01]: What's the point?
[SPEAKER_01]: They both make toast, but the technology of the Xbox toaster had more features that you wanted.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_06]: and I used to have a Hello Kitty toaster so my analogy stands I had a Hello Kitty toaster that would put Hello Kitty's face on every piece of toast I mean I want a toaster that I can program to put whatever I want on it and it's just going to be a butt I'm sure those probably exist to be quite honest they do the thing with the Hello Kitty toaster is that it never looked like it did on the box it was like just like a giant circle in the middle of the toast expressionless just like Hello Kitty that's the only thing it had in common
[SPEAKER_01]: Hello Kitty is the first mascot of dissociative disorder.
[SPEAKER_05]: You have to have some sort of laser etched toaster thing in order for that custom print thing to work.
[SPEAKER_05]: You think some nerd has to figure that out?
[SPEAKER_01]: The CNC toaster.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bobby Blackwolf says I have an Xbox fridge that isn't a fridge but rather a cooler oh yeah there's that whole that's right there's the whole Xbox branded full-size fridge that was being offered for a while well that that little you're oh yeah there was the big there was a big big one right but the one that is like the same size is it like it's a cooler for like two cans of soda and it's it's seriously just a novelty item it's it's it's not something to ever take seriously that's for sure
[SPEAKER_05]: I've seen the Creeper fridge.
[SPEAKER_05]: There's so many of those fridges.
[SPEAKER_05]: But why?
[SPEAKER_05]: I would never buy one because I'm literally just... I could almost touch my actual fridge right here.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a neat novelty thing, I guess.
[SPEAKER_01]: What I need is none of that crap.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you, Hecht.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't need any of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Pizza warmer?
[SPEAKER_05]: Pizza's never gonna get cold when I'm around pizza, so it's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: Cold pizza is life.
[SPEAKER_06]: One minute in the microwave is sufficient.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't need anything fancier than that.
[SPEAKER_06]: You put it in the air fryer.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, we do have an air fryer.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess I could.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, you open the fridge in the Tupperware container and eat it right out of the Tupperware container.
[SPEAKER_06]: I...
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, this really is that OLR Foodio episode from the Channel Point reward.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, that show we owe the listeners we never did because Rob unfortunately got a pretty bad medical diagnosis and didn't want to talk about food for a while when that all happened.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess it's paying off tonight finally.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, but moving on, we do have other video game news to talk about.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that is, of course, God, you knew this was going to fucking happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: You knew this was going to happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: and it's this whole Nintendo Switch 2 experience.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know anybody that got in.
[SPEAKER_06]: Everybody that I am friends with on Blue Sky said, I didn't get it, I didn't get it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I don't know who got it, but it isn't anybody I know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe somebody in chat got in.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let me know if you got tickets to the Nintendo Switch 2 experience.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you know who did get in?
[SPEAKER_06]: Scalpers.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Tickets for the experience are being listed on eBay.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, of course, now that confirmation is coming in, people are posting on eBay about it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_06]: A ticket from Milan.
[SPEAKER_05]: I thought that stuff was non-transferable.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, a ticket from Milan is currently available for a buy it now price of 300 euros.
[SPEAKER_06]: But a lot of listings are getting removed and probably because Nintendo came out and said these tickets are non-transferable.
[SPEAKER_06]: So perhaps an eBay sale is not going to actually result.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, I...
[SPEAKER_06]: It depends on how harshly they're screening this.
[SPEAKER_06]: If they're going to actually check IDs and the ID has to match the ticket, then yeah, that's going to be a hard thing to pull off.
[SPEAKER_06]: But if it's just scanning a barcode, it would be very easy to send the screenshot from a cell phone to somebody else.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it depends on how strict they're going to be with checking it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And if they fully check IDs, that should cause the whole thing to run slower.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: But...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, there is some trademarking going on in Sega.
[SPEAKER_01]: In Sega.
[SPEAKER_01]: In Japan.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oops.
[SPEAKER_01]: The land of Sega.
[SPEAKER_01]: There are trademarks for Skies of Arcadia and Eternal Arcadia on January 16th in Japan.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's now public as of January 24th.
[SPEAKER_01]: which was a turn-based RPG that came out for Dreamcast in 2000.
[SPEAKER_01]: And there was an enhanced GameCube version called Skies of Arcadia Legends.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is not my classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to do it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll do it some other time.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, it looks like...
[SPEAKER_01]: We may be seeing a re-release of it, so who knows.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I will read the splash for the original.
[SPEAKER_01]: The sky's the limit.
[SPEAKER_01]: Follow the adventures of Vice as he journeys through uncharted skies to discover new continents and explore mystical ruins.
[SPEAKER_01]: Accompanied by Aika and Fina, he will wage epic battles against savage monsters, evil pirates, and a powerful enemy nation.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dan's friend Eric was way into that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I liked the Japanese name better, Eternal Arcadia.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think it was better.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it was a pretty neat game.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was a good game for Dreamcast.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know, maybe they'll do an HD remake?
[SPEAKER_01]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_01]: Question mark in Terabang.
[SPEAKER_06]: yeah between this and like you know all the rumors surrounding you know Crazy Taxi and some of the other reboots that Sega's digging up it seems like Sega could really be a huge publisher on the Switch too I would imagine is what they're really targeting for a lot of this although refer back to earlier in the show maybe they have some type of partnership with Nintendo but I would be hard-pressed to believe anything they put out wouldn't also come out on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, all of it try to try to sell more copies
[SPEAKER_01]: Sega's heading back into their retro days, and yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: yeah which great honestly well it probably it probably costs less it's less of a gamble you know going back again to some of this talk at the top of the show it's probably less development cost to reboot some retro titles you know I'm not saying they're cheap you got to pay some people to you know not just you know do the remastering but you know potentially all new work on a game like Crazy Taxi Battle Royale if that's to be believed um but it's probably a lot cheaper to make something like that than it is to make a Final Fantasy 16 you know
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, well moving on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, well, so the Sony is going to be, once again, pulling back things that they're giving out on PlayStation Plus.
[SPEAKER_05]: And one of the things that we used to get was monthly PlayStation 4 games.
[SPEAKER_05]: And now, they are no longer going to be including those.
[SPEAKER_05]: The paid subscription service will offer them occasionally, but the main focus will be on PlayStation 5 games.
[SPEAKER_05]: because obviously they want you to be playing on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_05]: However, you will still get the benefit if you get games that are multi-platform in the sense that they are PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_05]: So those, for example, in February, we have High on Life, which is on both, so you do get both versions of that, and Pac-Man World Repack on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, and then Payday 3 on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_05]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, granted, it wasn't easy to get for about three of those years, but...
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't even remember when they got my Playstation 4 A while, it's been a while 2014 was when that was released If I'm not mistaken, yeah Okay, yeah, probably time then So we had a good run Yeah
[SPEAKER_05]: Also, Sony is backing off on PlayStation login requirements for the PC version of Spider-Man 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: So also, they said that they're done forcing PlayStation Network accounts for single-player games, including God of War Ragnarok, Horizon Zero Dawn, Remastered, and the upcoming Last of Us 2 Remastered port, as well as Spider-Man 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: Not to mention Spider-Man 2, I believe, or...
[SPEAKER_05]: What was it just that we released on PC?
[SPEAKER_05]: Was that the original Spider-Man or Spider-Man 2?
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: Either way, that one's fucked up right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is buggy as hell and needs batches to fix it.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, good to see they're kind of getting rid of that requirement because it does kind of block them from selling more copies of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Really, what is the point?
[SPEAKER_05]: for doing that.
[SPEAKER_05]: Why need a PlayStation Network account?
[SPEAKER_05]: Is the thought that, oh, if they create a PSN account, then they'll buy a PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, that's not how that works.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's just annoying.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's another login that no one wants to use anyways.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: They'll allow you to do it if you want to, but it's optional now.
[SPEAKER_06]: you know going back to the Forza coming out on PlayStation thing though you know you're gonna have to almost certainly log into Xbox account on your PlayStation like you do with Minecraft to play it so
[SPEAKER_05]: I guess I'm buying an Xbox then.
[SPEAKER_06]: PC's kind of a different beast.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I get the rules are a little different when it comes to PC and what the PC gaming fans won't let you get away with.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, because a lot of PC players play on a Windows platform, which you're already signed into Microsoft at that point.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's not really a big deal.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, well, what is a big deal for me?
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was out of town all weekend, so I haven't gotten to experience this yet, but No Man's Sky got another update.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_06]: How many updates does that make for this game now?
[SPEAKER_06]: A lot.
[SPEAKER_06]: Too many.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if I'd say too many, but it is a lot.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, anyway, so we had an update last year called Worlds Part 1, so we knew there was going to be a Part 2 eventually, and here it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: We got Worlds Part 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: And they're saying that a lot of this was inspired by the work being done on Light No Fire, which as we know is Hello Games' next project, which they've been a little bit tight-lipped on.
[SPEAKER_06]: And obviously, if you know Hello Games' history, you completely understand why they're not really saying a lot of shit about Light No Fire, and they're probably just going to release it.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: They are making terrain more detailed and varied, bigger mountains, better features.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oceans can be several kilometers deep, which actually like kind of freaks me out.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do not like the underwater elements.
[SPEAKER_06]: in these games.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know what game I will not fucking play?
[SPEAKER_06]: I will not fucking play it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Subnautica.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will not play that game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess I have some weird fear about deep underwater stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe it's like a claustrophobia adjacent thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: But even in No Man's Sky, it kind of creeps me out.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't like the underwater stuff, but I guess there is a vehicle that lets you... I've used a vehicle that seems to make it a little more tolerable, but even then it's like I get lost in the caves so easily.
[SPEAKER_06]: Getting lost on the ocean floor sounds really scary, but it's a thing and some people will be into it, just not me.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's other features in the game I can enjoy.
[SPEAKER_06]: Such as a new lighting system that lets water reflect the clouds and other objects.
[SPEAKER_06]: The water already looked amazing in that game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Creatures make more convincing ripples.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's basically tweaking the graphics, making it better.
[SPEAKER_06]: Apparently, creatures will now lurk deeper beneath the sea than ever before in the new game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Also, there's apparently going to be new types of planets because they're actually adding a whole... So if you play the game...
[SPEAKER_06]: You have to, to unlock different types of solar systems.
[SPEAKER_06]: You have to unlock the red drive.
[SPEAKER_06]: You have to unlock the green drive.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think they call it cadmium drive, but it's a red, blue, and green drives.
[SPEAKER_06]: They are now adding a purple drive to visit purple solar systems.
[SPEAKER_06]: So my understanding is they have now added to the generation.
[SPEAKER_06]: They've added these purple solar systems that have new types of planets in them.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's like a whole, and that's probably the biggest part of it is that now there's whole new stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Purple planet is now available.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so that's going to mean more tweaks to the game to support that.
[SPEAKER_06]: New quest line, new expeditions that will show off these planets.
[SPEAKER_06]: And of course, new Twitch drops to support all of that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Unfortunately, I usually try to stream to help people get those drops, but it unfortunately was very poorly timed on my trip this weekend.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I haven't... This is the one...
[SPEAKER_06]: No, I think there was one other Twitch campaign.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just haven't been able to watch to get the drops.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that sucks because it's a good way to catch up.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you haven't played all of the expeditions, you can kind of still get a good chunk of the rewards through these Twitch campaigns.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Questmaster says, yeah, the purple drive is part of the new story that came with the patch.
[SPEAKER_06]: The game still looks amazing.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think probably on a PlayStation 5 Pro, especially, or a high-end PC or, you know, whatever can play this, like, it's going to look
[SPEAKER_06]: Fuckin' incredible.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some of the streams I've been watching, the game still looks amazing.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's such a good looking game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm really glad the page has turned on this game.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're now on Steam all these years later.
[SPEAKER_06]: The reviews are mostly positive.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's been a long time coming, but it's not a lot of games that consistently improve over... How long has that game been out now?
[SPEAKER_06]: Eight years?
[SPEAKER_06]: Nine years, maybe?
[SPEAKER_06]: It's wild.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, QuestBuster says it's almost overwhelming at this point what you can do in No Man's Sky in a good way.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I agree.
[SPEAKER_06]: Y'all know I love that game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I haven't really gone on a binge of No Man's Sky in a bit, but I think I'm due for another new game playthrough so I can visit the purple planets.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe soon, maybe soon, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's been hard for me to stream lately, but we'll see, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, oh, Jamie, this next story.
[SPEAKER_06]: I thought of you instantly when I read this story, but this is, I've seen a lot of people talk about this.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh yeah, I don't know how I feel.
[SPEAKER_01]: So Sims and Sims 2 are being re-released on PC for the 25th anniversary.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nothing about Mac or anything else right now.
[SPEAKER_01]: but you can buy them separately with the expansion packs included 20 for the original and 30 for The Sims 2 you can get a birthday bundle that has everything for 40 on Steam and Epic Games and the EA app EA Play Pro can get it
[SPEAKER_01]: Unlimited.
[SPEAKER_01]: But, you know, like I said, nothing about consoles or Mac.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're saying that they might be available... Well, there was the rumor that they might be available after there was a teaser video that had some of the user interface there.
[SPEAKER_01]: But...
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I mean, Maxis was talking about wanting to make the re-releases more compatible for Windows 10 and 11, but we didn't really have anything on it, so now we do.
[SPEAKER_06]: My assumption was that this is directly tied to the news last week that Origin was going away because we talked about how, you know, the Sims kind of being older games might not run as well on the 64-bit and all that.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I assumed that this was directly tied to Origin goes away.
[SPEAKER_06]: But here's a way to continue playing our biggest franchise of all time.
[SPEAKER_06]: If I'm not mistaken, wouldn't the Sims be EA's biggest franchise of all time?
[SPEAKER_06]: It's got to be.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, maybe not next to sports.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe not next to sports.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's hard to say.
[SPEAKER_01]: but we'll say one of one of yeah but I mean I don't know because I mean I had a lot of fun on Sims 2 I really liked Sims 3 Sims 4 is okay you know but I mean it's hard to go back and play those old ones unless they've like updated something but yeah I have a hard time going back and playing them
[SPEAKER_06]: That's how I feel about Diablo.
[SPEAKER_01]: all my old mods actually still on my old PC that I'm actually tempted to yank out the hard drive and put it in an enclosure just to see what I can get off of it but I wonder if my old naughty mods would work
[SPEAKER_06]: But I still think in both cases for Sims and Diablo, I think it's a great thing for game preservation and for people that want to see what those games are like and understand how when we talk about the quality of life, things that change, like really having an understanding of what's different and the lore, you know, in Diablo's case anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think most of the lore in the Sims is headcanon, but, you know, I guess...
[SPEAKER_06]: it's not like what did the goths do now so but i always enjoyed the sims the original i don't know if i'd pay for the remake but i have a lot of friends on blue sky that have been posting like fuck yeah the sims is out downloading playing here's my house all that
[SPEAKER_01]: Sims 4 itself is free.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sims 3 is not.
[SPEAKER_01]: But man, all the DLC for Sims 4.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, I found the birthday bundle.
[SPEAKER_01]: It says it includes three games.
[SPEAKER_01]: The Sims, Sims 2, Sims 4 Throwback Fit Kit, and Sims 4 Grunge Revival Kit.
[SPEAKER_01]: What?
[SPEAKER_01]: and also has all of the DLC so I'm seeing it all in there but yeah it's got content for Sims 4 in it as well so just looking at the Steam page
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe I'll have to visit the Sims again someday.
[SPEAKER_06]: The game I would love to go back and revisit is SimCity.
[SPEAKER_06]: And remember how Maxis torpedoed the SimCity reboot with all the online... Remember how it was just horrible timing with the always online?
[SPEAKER_06]: The market was not ready for that type of model and people really flatly rejected SimCity when it came out.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's still a concept I would love to visit again someday.
[SPEAKER_02]: What the hell is this?
[SPEAKER_02]: My Sims Kingdom?
[SPEAKER_06]: Isn't that like a mobile?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like a kids?
[SPEAKER_05]: My Sims was like, it's a little chibi versions that they did on like the Wii.
[SPEAKER_05]: I knew somebody that worked on.
[SPEAKER_01]: It says coming March 18th.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's coming out on.
[SPEAKER_05]: They just ported some of those over from the, I think the Wii, onto the Switch recently.
[SPEAKER_05]: They had like a My Sims bundle.
[SPEAKER_02]: Meh.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was kind of like Sims trying to be Animal Crossing is what it looked like.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, on the gaming preservation front, some exciting news following up to something we were talking about last week, Loki.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: So this is pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_05]: So the Video Game History Foundation has just launched a new free-to-use website that you can peruse old video game magazines.
[SPEAKER_05]: They have over 1,500 magazines to choose from.
[SPEAKER_05]: Everything from EGM, Game Informer, Game Pro.
[SPEAKER_05]: Also, some other smaller publications as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: Computer Game Review, Game...
[SPEAKER_05]: Digital Diner, Girl Gamer Mega, Next Generation New Earth, Future Plays 3DO Club News Are you part of the 3DO Club?
[SPEAKER_05]: Who isn't?
[SPEAKER_05]: And the official Sega Dreamcast Magazine Lots and lots of stuff to check out So that's pretty cool You can view that at library.gamehistory.org Pretty exciting
[SPEAKER_06]: And you can actually, it's really easy to use.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can just pull it up and it takes a little bit because I'm sure this website's getting slammed right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm just doing like a little bit of a live demo here.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just searched the archive for The Guardian Legend and I got a 1998 video game buyer's guide.
[SPEAKER_06]: That can't be right.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_06]: I have to put it in quotes.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's the pro tip for me to you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Put what you're searching for in quotes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Otherwise, everything comes up that has both those search terms in it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, oh, I guess maybe it's just mentioned somewhere in there.
[SPEAKER_06]: But let's go to, here we go, 1989.
[SPEAKER_06]: This would be a little bit more closer to the time that that game was actually coming out.
[SPEAKER_06]: And you can actually bring up the document.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then the cool thing about it, the way they have it as a PDF, I guess they ran OCR or something because you can actually search for...
[SPEAKER_06]: Guardian Legend and here we go here's when the Guardian Legend was mentioned in this buyer's guide saying here's an action space game that incorporates a number of the rapid fire features of your favorite coin op titles and increases the available options by opening up a number of new game ideas that turn a normal shooter into a galactic confrontation what a horrible description of a very multi-layered game that has nothing to do with coin op shooters
[SPEAKER_06]: that's funny there it is, but then this also was cracking me up too, look at this, underneath this Bionic Commando, coming soon from Capcom, but look at the screenshot with a high score on it, this is the arcade version of Bionic Commando, not the NES version they sort of tried, I know, I know and they used to do that shit all the time back in the day hey, when you gotta rush to print, you do what you can get I know, I mean Jaleco Racket Attack, was Racket Attack the actual name of that game?
[SPEAKER_06]: I thought they I thought they came out as something else
[SPEAKER_06]: Ultima 3 Exodus Ease Master System
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh my god, sorry.
[SPEAKER_06]: Look, I fell down a rabbit hole.
[SPEAKER_06]: Look at this.
[SPEAKER_06]: Remember when Shanghai... You remember the game Shanghai?
[SPEAKER_06]: Mahjong Solitaire?
[SPEAKER_06]: You remember when that was on every fucking computer?
[SPEAKER_06]: Specifically old black and white Macs.
[SPEAKER_06]: That game was on every fucking computer in existence in the late 80s.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then, of course, there was a Sega version as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because every... Shanghai was like...
[SPEAKER_06]: God, what is like a game that is on every fucking system?
[SPEAKER_06]: They will put it on every fucking screen no matter what.
[SPEAKER_06]: Shanghai was one of those.
[SPEAKER_06]: You couldn't escape that game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, good time down memory lane.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, Video Game History Foundation.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is a really rad archive and I could probably lose many.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you think you could fall down a rabbit hole on Wikipedia late at night, just you wait for the insomnia this website's about to bring you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, I guess maybe Tetris was on everything.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some folks in chat saying Solitaire.
[SPEAKER_06]: Solitaire is a good one.
[SPEAKER_06]: Minesweeper, maybe.
[SPEAKER_06]: But Minesweeper wasn't really on consoles.
[SPEAKER_06]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, moving on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's talk about this.
[SPEAKER_06]: In some sad news that I...
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll say it is unfortunately pretty unsurprising given the state of this particular company, Warner Brothers.
[SPEAKER_06]: Multiverses is getting its multi-plug pulled.
[SPEAKER_06]: Multiverses is ending the game on May 30th, meaning the online servers are no longer going to work after May 30th.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you can play it offline if...
[SPEAKER_06]: You downloaded and installed the latest version of the game, but you better download it after February 4th because the game itself is no longer going to be available to download on digital stores.
[SPEAKER_06]: So you have this little interim period between February and May to download the game if you ever want to play it offline.
[SPEAKER_06]: In the new season, you get new characters.
[SPEAKER_06]: Aquaman and Lola Bunny are new characters that are available in the game.
[SPEAKER_06]: And you can earn all this stuff through regular gameplay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Real money transactions are no longer available for multiverses.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you had Gleamium, which was the in-game currency, you can still use it until Season 5 ends.
[SPEAKER_06]: and then as SSJ100Matt says in chat that's all folks for multiverses and it's sad because Warner Brothers what else do you expect the Netflix of video games
[SPEAKER_06]: I tried to play multiverses for a little bit.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, maybe I'm part of the problem.
[SPEAKER_06]: It didn't really land for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: One of my friends was really into it and tried to get me to play it, but I played it once or twice and I was like, eh.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I am with Questbuster.
[SPEAKER_06]: At least they're offering an offline option instead of disappearing into the void completely.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Questbuster, I do agree with that.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is interesting that it's this whole, you have to grab it in this very certain window in order for that to happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: And my thought with that is...
[SPEAKER_06]: Kudos to the developers because they must have seen the writing on the wall and they developed it this way so that it would have this ability to sunset in a more graceful way than what the alternative would have been.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's that.
[SPEAKER_06]: SG-100 Matt reminds us too saying, I was into it during the beta
[SPEAKER_06]: then it went away for a while so the the breaks did kind of get hit on this game and then it never really quite got that same speed back and I think that is also something to point out as to maybe why this game didn't didn't go all the way uh orange right in chat says I did try to get into multiverses a few months ago but couldn't get into the grinding I did go back to buy the powerpuff girls though so yeah Mike Def says a somewhat convoluted way to get the game offline but it is a way nonetheless yeah it is a way so all right
[SPEAKER_00]: well speaking of games that have gone offline every week here on the show we visit some old games let's roll the bumper and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of the week
[SPEAKER_06]: And DarkSakura, what did you pick for the Classic Game of the Week this week?
[SPEAKER_01]: WakuWaku7 is a weird fighting game
[SPEAKER_01]: It has a lot of stuff in common with the SNK fighters, like the four attacks and the zooming on the screen and everything.
[SPEAKER_01]: You have nine characters, so two are available only in versus mode on console ports.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they have different play styles, and they're all basically parodies.
[SPEAKER_01]: All the characters are parodies.
[SPEAKER_01]: WakuWaku, for the record, is a Japanese onomatopoeia for excitement.
[SPEAKER_01]: Waku Waku!
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, you're really excited.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so there's like, but going back to the characters, there's like some charge moves, there's lots of talking in the game.
[SPEAKER_01]: Some pose, like different things and having unblockables and hard to dodge attacks and then other, it's a crazy ass game.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I will read the plot from the system itself.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is said that the person who collects all seven of the legendary Waku Waku balls will have their dearest wish granted.
[SPEAKER_01]: Those who find one of the balls become obsessed with the ruthless desire to obtain the others.
[SPEAKER_01]: Who will be victorious in the bitter battle to become the owner of all the balls?
[SPEAKER_01]: Victory or defeat, it all lies in your hands.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's your Dragon Ball parody right there.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, your characters.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to go through the characters because it's funny.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, your main character, well, I guess, Rai Bakul is a 13-year-old who wants to go on exciting adventures.
[SPEAKER_01]: He is a BMX fan, and he is a parody of Si Ken So from King of Fighters and Psycho Soldiers.
[SPEAKER_01]: Irina Makihara is a girl with bunny ears.
[SPEAKER_01]: She's a parody of the half-human anime girls.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dan DJ is our treasure hunter and he is actually a parody of Indiana Jones and Joseph Joestar from JoJo's Bizarre Adventure he's very muscular he is followed by his friend's daughter Natsumi and her cat Rampu who's sometimes called Ramp or Rump um
[SPEAKER_01]: you have Maru known in Japanese as Marurun it's a forest creature that's a parody of Totoro and he has a little lost girl named Mugi he's very similar to Sasquatch in Darkstalkers Palatank Z is a tank mecha policeman who is a parody of the police tanks from Dominion Tank Police it's old anime manga actually one of my favorites, it's really fun
[SPEAKER_01]: and he is piloted by the chief and his sidekick the mechanic who is a dog he's a large slow one you have Slash is this elf with light green hair and a blue trench coat he uses a laser sword um
[SPEAKER_01]: He doesn't really have a wish.
[SPEAKER_01]: He's just there to remove a curse.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he's just like a sword guy, you know?
[SPEAKER_01]: And then there's Tess, which is a robot built by Dr. Lombroso.
[SPEAKER_01]: And she was meant to be a maid, and she wants to be human.
[SPEAKER_01]: And she is sort of like a parody of Astro Boy and cosplay restaurants.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is a Sunsoft game, not an SNK game.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mike.
[SPEAKER_01]: although it did come out for Neo Geo.
[SPEAKER_01]: Your versus mode characters from the home versions is Bonus-kun, who has moves that kind of make fun of you from Street Fighter.
[SPEAKER_01]: He actually is a character from Galaxy Fight Universal Warriors, and he was Rolly's punching bag until he became alive.
[SPEAKER_01]: because he doesn't have limbs he can't crouch or grab he's a punching bag a living punching bag and then there's a character named Makai Taitei Fernandez also called Fernandeth in the Japanese version who is the emperor of the demon world he is a sphere with stubby arms, legs and wings and a huge grin and a really annoying voice
[SPEAKER_01]: He is the game's final boss.
[SPEAKER_01]: He's tall as a skyscraper.
[SPEAKER_01]: And yeah, magic is how you fight him.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he's actually a reference to being Kaiju.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it was Sunsoft's third fighting game.
[SPEAKER_01]: It came after the Sugoi Heberica, which is part of their Heberica series.
[SPEAKER_01]: And 1995 Galaxy Fight Universal Warriors, which was their first 2D fighting game.
[SPEAKER_01]: um the number in this has to do with the playable characters in the roster the seven um and not anything having to do with any sequential uh things and as I said WakuWaku is an onomatopoeia for sounds of excitement and then um after that though Sunsoft worked with a company called Santa Claus um
[SPEAKER_01]: all one word, all cap letters and doing a game in 1998 which is an airborne fighting game called Astra Superstars for the Sega ST5 arcade system this was later ported to Neo Geo AES home consoles had difficulty settings and credits and whatnot there was a Neo Geo CD version planned but it was cancelled because the Neo Geo CD was not doing that well
[SPEAKER_01]: It did get ported to the Sega Saturn in Japan, and it requires the 1MB RAM expansion cartridge.
[SPEAKER_01]: In 2008, the Neo Geo version was included with the Neo Geo CD version of Galaxy Fight Universal Warriors in Volume 11 of the Neo Geo Online Collection Series for PS2 titled Sunsoft Collection.
[SPEAKER_01]: and the soundtrack for Galaxy Fight Universal Warriors was added in there but the soundtrack for WakuWaku 7 is different than the version that was going to be on the Neo Geo CD the version that was ported to Sega Saturn they said that they had licensing issues and that's why they couldn't do it the Neo Geo AES version was ported to the Wii Virtual Console in Japan on April 27, 2010
[SPEAKER_01]: Also, the character Arina from WakuWaku7 made a cameo in Shanghai Musume Mahjong Girls in 2011.
[SPEAKER_01]: So there's your... Remember, we were just talking about that, Rob.
[SPEAKER_01]: The soundtrack for the Neo Geo version was released by Pony Canyon.
[SPEAKER_01]: and Skytron label on August 21st, 1996 in Japan.
[SPEAKER_01]: It had almost all the background music and sound effects and voice samples from the arcade version composed and arranged by Araikawa Masato.
[SPEAKER_01]: This game was met with very positive reviews.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, Famitsu, oh no, it's got a little middling for Famitsu, but Famitsu's notorious for being kind of stingy.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was praised for its unique fighting system and character design, but it said the power gauge was...
[SPEAKER_01]: the Saturn version was kind of mixed but it was a very straightforward conversion from the arcade version fans though freaking loved it this was voted for the Saturn port it was like a 7.5 out of 10 based on fights based on fans, sorry the Switch version has a 76.25% rating on game rankings and in 2021
[SPEAKER_01]: uh it was rated as it was uh said to be sorry 2012 uh Complex Magazine was saying it's underrated and virtually unknown fighter and it's the 12th best this is the 12th best SNK fighting game it's it's by Sunsoft again and the the statement is Waku Waku 7 was a trip I was like yeah that's a pretty good
[SPEAKER_01]: that's a pretty good one pretty good way to describe it instead that it gives you like all of the show and glitz of a Marvel vs. game so technically I guess you could translate this as to Exciting 7 but it is romanized as Waku Waku 7 just spelled out so there you go hmm
[SPEAKER_06]: I didn't know a lot about this game.
[SPEAKER_06]: It looks really cute.
[SPEAKER_06]: I somehow missed this amongst all the fighting game types of its era, but this looks really cute.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, good pick.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is a trip.
[SPEAKER_01]: And again, it's on SNK Systems.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's a Sunsoft game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Which usually I associate Sunsoft with some of the NES classics like Blaster Master and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, obviously they put out some titles like this too.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_01]: I also want to say that the Switch version, which was with the Arcade Archive Collection, was published by Hamster Corporation.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the same port came out on Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
[SPEAKER_06]: Arcade Archives does a real good job with all those updates and things.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just think it'd be funny if you worked for Hamster.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, hey, where do you work?
[SPEAKER_01]: Hamster.
[SPEAKER_01]: Ham.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hamster.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's do some other headlines real quick from around the industry.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just want to say real quick, because I saw this pop up while DarkSakura was doing that segment there.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just want to state for the record, I don't give a shit about the Grammys.
[SPEAKER_06]: I haven't for a very long time.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think the whole thing is just bloated.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't care for it at all.
[SPEAKER_06]: But Gaga just dropped a new song and video, so I need this show to be over so I can go listen.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm just kidding.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not rushing.
[SPEAKER_06]: But...
[SPEAKER_06]: That is what I will be doing immediately after the program.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Gotta have priorities.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, look, when Godga speaks, people listen.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, let's get to rapid fire news.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, so we have the date for the next Summer Games Fest, which is going to be launching June 6th at 2pm Pacific Time, 5pm Eastern Time at the YouTube Theater in Los Angeles.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they're going to have it on lots of platforms to watch.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, you know, that's a thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then, of course, they're also going to do a physical event around that time produced by IM8Bit from June 7th through the 9th.
[SPEAKER_05]: their play days which is going to be in downtown Los Angeles then we have a Capcom spotlight coming out this week on February 4th it's going to be a showcase talking about a bunch of different things from Onimusha, Street Fighter 6, Capcom Fighting Collection and Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection Arcade Classics as well as a 15 minute showcase of Monster Hunter Wilds
[SPEAKER_06]: Monster Hunter Wilds
[SPEAKER_06]: It hit a little better than the other ones.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if it's for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it's going to need to be on like an Xbox Game Pass or something for me to finally get around to it, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the last one finally hit Game Pass eventually, so it'll happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: It'll happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, what do you have?
[SPEAKER_01]: So, one of my favorite series, Cotton.
[SPEAKER_01]: There is a Cotton reboot, High Tension.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's a trailer and details, and it's going to be out on July 24th in Japan.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm not a big fan of the art style compared to the old Cotton ones, but, you know, some things change.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, you are playing Nata de Cotton, and she is back and still addicted to Willow.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um, you have to still collect the Willis, but they are a little bit more sinister now, and they are making the fairies all...
[SPEAKER_01]: in utter chaos so you have to go with cotton and silk and you have a new character named Macaron so yeah it's a cute-em-up shooter you have different magic you have an enemy capture system so you can use enemies to help you clear the stage and fever has been replaced by willow fever and you get an over-tension power so I think it's going to be really cool
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, DarkTC in chat says, won't say no to more cotton.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I mean... It says PS5, PS4, and Switch on July 24th.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_01]: We have news for will be digital only.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sorry, but the limited edition has a teacup, instruction card, booklet and soundtrack and CD.
[SPEAKER_01]: I actually have the Cotton Saturn reboot one.
[SPEAKER_01]: The cup was disappointing.
[SPEAKER_01]: I thought I was going to get like one of her Japanese teacups, you know, it's just a mug and it's just Cotton reboot on it.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's that's that's too bad.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, we have news of another video game becoming a TV show.
[SPEAKER_06]: We've had quite a few of these, especially after the huge success of The Last of Us and The Witcher, which, yes, was a book, but probably the TV show has the video game more to thank, you know, and those types of things.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: So Elliot Page played Jodie Holmes in the 2013 game when it was originally released.
[SPEAKER_06]: I seem to remember there was controversy about a rendered nude model that they had not given.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was a shadow scene.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: A shower scene.
[SPEAKER_06]: PageBoy Productions is the name of the production company.
[SPEAKER_06]: has scooped up the TV adaptation rights from Quantic Dream, who originally published the game.
[SPEAKER_06]: David Cage, who is behind the game and the writing and also directed the game, will also be collaborating on this.
[SPEAKER_06]: Deadline is the ones reporting this, and that's one of the industry trades.
[SPEAKER_06]: So this is legit information.
[SPEAKER_06]: This isn't like a rumor.
[SPEAKER_06]: Deadline is reporting on this.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they say... Elliot actually owns the license.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, that's cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: This adaptation will honor the game's legacy while inviting fresh perspectives, delving into questions of survival and how split-second decisions can alter not just our lives, but the lives of others are key to telling the story.
[SPEAKER_06]: So this is going to be interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm curious to see how this adapts.
[SPEAKER_06]: So pretty neat little scoop.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's interesting, too, because this game is, you know, by video game standards, it's an old game at this point.
[SPEAKER_06]: It qualifies as a classic game.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it'd be interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm really interested to see how they kind of modernize this for a different type of media.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I think it has potential to be great.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, let's travel around the world and check out some games coming out real soon.
[SPEAKER_06]: How about the US, Loki?
[SPEAKER_05]: Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Rogue Waters on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Rift of the NecroDancer on PC Big Helmet Heroes on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Momodoro
[SPEAKER_05]: Momodora, Moonlit Farewell on PC I'm sorry, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series and then we have Macross Shooting Insight on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 and it looks like Seguro Quest Dice Heroes on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series that's it
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, moving over to Japan, we only have one major release this week, and that is Kingdom Come Deliverance 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: Looks to be a worldwide release because it is getting a release on the PlayStation 5 this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is not, or I'm sorry, that is really the only major release.
[SPEAKER_06]: There is nothing else coming out this week, and I'm not sure why that is.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if that's maybe because of Foundation Day, I think this is coming.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, actually, that's in the next, it's on the 11th.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not sure why this week is so slow, but it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's all you have in Japan this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: How about the UK, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_01]: We have on the 3rd, Spirit Swap Lo-Fi Beats to Match 3-2 on PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: For the 4th, we have Kingdom Come Deliverance 2.
[SPEAKER_01]: Looks like it's a pre-order, actually.
[SPEAKER_01]: On the 5th, we have Rift of the NecroDancer for PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: On the 6th, we have Big Helmet Heroes PC, PS5, Xbox Switch.
[SPEAKER_01]: also Everwander for PC Grand Mountain Adventures for iOS and Android, Sworn Early Access for PC, Under Defeat PC and Switch, on the 7th we have a game about digging a hole on PC that's a funny one a car detailing and watch simulator luxury car cleaner for Switch casual sports series tennis for PC, and then Fly Punch Boom for PC PlayStation, Xbox, iOS, and Android
[SPEAKER_06]: I love names with titles like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Fly Punch Boom!
[SPEAKER_06]: Good times.
[SPEAKER_06]: One more story for us tonight from Loki.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yep, and then we've got news here talking about a writer coming back to Obsidian.
[SPEAKER_05]: John Gonzalez has come back to work with Obsidian on another game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Not Fallout New Vegas, unfortunately.
[SPEAKER_05]: But they're going to be working on, I think, The Outer Wilds 2, it looks like.
[SPEAKER_05]: It says... Yeah, it says, back to Obsidian for... He wrote this on his LinkedIn.
[SPEAKER_05]: Back to Obsidian for exciting times.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, it's not Fallout New Vegas 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think that's funny.
[SPEAKER_05]: Truly privileged to work with this incredibly kind and talented team but a new opportunity rose and I straight up couldn't resist.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, awesome.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Curious to see what he works on.
[SPEAKER_05]: What will it be?
[SPEAKER_05]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_05]: Will it be Outer Worlds 2 or something?
[SPEAKER_06]: Hopefully something with realistic sales expectations.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, this is the part of the show where we get into the listener roundtable, where we invite you all to participate with us.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can always send us an email.
[SPEAKER_06]: Participate at orangelaundry.com if you want to send us an email.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't think we had anything this week, but... It was something for you, and I forwarded it to you.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did want to acknowledge that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I did see that, and I just wanted to say thank you.
[SPEAKER_06]: E3VL sent me a code for Pokemon, so thank you for that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But obviously, I'm not going to be reading that code on air.
[SPEAKER_06]: But thank you.
[SPEAKER_06]: And yes, even though I haven't been talking about it during my gaming week, I will say I have still been playing this shit.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't really talk about my mobile games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I still play Ingress.
[SPEAKER_06]: I still play Pikmin.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's like the huge one.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was carrying that Pikmin challenge this week, but to be fair, I was like, I got like 12,000 steps the other day in Portland and stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, you know, it comes with that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: I also am still playing Pokemon Trading Card Game Pocket.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that just had a big release because two new, the Palkia and Dialga, what are they fucking called?
[SPEAKER_06]: Like Spacetime Continuum or something is the name of the packs, just came out.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's like all these new cards to get and grab.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I appreciate the codes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I'm with Matt.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've been playing the hell out of that game and I get really pissed off
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: Womp womp.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we invite your emails, whether you want to give us redemption codes or otherwise.
[SPEAKER_06]: We will take questions.
[SPEAKER_06]: We will take hellos.
[SPEAKER_06]: We will take a foodio if you really want.
[SPEAKER_06]: Participate at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, E3VL.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what I try to do.
[SPEAKER_06]: I try to open when I wake up and right before I go to bed.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think my time right now is 11 o'clock.
[SPEAKER_06]: So as long as I do it in the morning and then right before bed, because I'm a night owl.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't go to bed till midnight.
[SPEAKER_06]: I get my pack opens in.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's kind of how I've been working that system.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, let's move on and check in with Loki for any last minute stories.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't have any.
[SPEAKER_05]: What?
[SPEAKER_05]: There was a story about a certain creator who we're not going to talk about who is now re-monetized on YouTube despite being an awful human being, but you know, that just seems appropriate in this year of 2025 and the world we live in now, so why not
[SPEAKER_05]: why not?
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, yeah I just would rather give my views to people that deserve them on YouTube such as LokiOLR and his very intricate Minecraft builds that he's been working on I would much rather give my views there and oh yes, and my retro gaming and?
[SPEAKER_06]: oh yeah, you're starting YouTube as well, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: no, I've been on there
[SPEAKER_06]: my shorts oh yeah you have your shorts on there that's right are you doing long form content there too?
[SPEAKER_01]: I have some up there I'm working on some new ones
[SPEAKER_01]: Doing your own video editing takes a while.
[SPEAKER_06]: It does.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll tell you, the program I used to do it is the one that I'm the most comfortable with.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is funny because it's a video editing program that is tailored toward learning and development training professionals.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's called Camtasia.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I've used this in my professional life.
[SPEAKER_06]: And during Black Friday, I actually bought myself a personal license because I'm so comfortable in that video editor.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can throw things together like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like it's just...
[SPEAKER_01]: read the manual read the manual
[SPEAKER_06]: SSJ100Matt says best fast food shake, go I have to very much limit myself on these now I don't get to indulge in them as much as I used to but definitely the birthday cake shake was my favorite Loki, do you have a favorite shake?
[SPEAKER_06]: a favorite shake?
[SPEAKER_05]: yeah I would say like an orange creamsicle usually
[SPEAKER_05]: Vanilla and Orange Sherbert mixed together Do you remember Orange Julius?
[SPEAKER_06]: What the fuck ever happened to those?
[SPEAKER_05]: Are they still around?
[SPEAKER_05]: Can you still get Orange Julius?
[SPEAKER_05]: no they they got bought up by Dairy Queen and Dairy Queen used to have them have Orange Julius at their locations and then they phased it out so it's exactly I I keep looking every once in a while because yeah there was one time that I actually got it at the local Dairy Queen here but then I went back and then they're like no we don't have that anymore I'm like
[SPEAKER_05]: So if you go to their website, they have Orange Julius stuff and they list all of their locations to be able to get it at.
[SPEAKER_05]: But no, that's not true.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm going to tell you the thing that gets getting acquired over and over again that we are lucky to still have.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that is, and people in California will absolutely know this, Thrifty Ice Cream.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank God, after all these years, Thrifty Ice Cream has survived.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, yeah, Rite Aid bought Thrifty and thankfully kept the counters in a lot of locations.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the neat scoop.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: over in and out find a fucking thrifty ice cream counter at a Rite Aid and get the chocolate malt flavor in a cone it's so fucking good they still have one I think in Folsom because it does list thrifties ice cream outside but
[SPEAKER_05]: Pocket has one.
[SPEAKER_06]: Rosemont has one.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's still a few of the areas.
[SPEAKER_05]: There used to be one on Sunrise in Madison, but then it closed because now that got taken over by Walgreens.
[SPEAKER_06]: Walgreens ended up buying Rite Aid.
[SPEAKER_06]: I believe you can find thrifty ice cream at some Walgreens.
[SPEAKER_06]: but I'm not sure and it's fine it's like that's the only way you can get thrifty ice cream is by buying it not from a counter but in a container at Walgreens then fine do it but if you can find a thrifty ice cream counter do it uh Hecht says we got a thrifty at the mall in Tucson so there's they're still around like but again you know thrifty was an old-ass drugstore then it was there was pay it was thrifty pay less right they merged
[SPEAKER_06]: and then Rite Aid bought them both and then Walgreens bought Rite Aid.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the question every single time has been, what's going to fucking happen to Thrifty Ice Cream?
[SPEAKER_06]: But if I'm not mistaken, Thrifty Ice Cream is made in Mexico.
[SPEAKER_06]: So guess what?
[SPEAKER_06]: Guess what?
[SPEAKER_06]: Meh.
[SPEAKER_06]: 25% price increase for no reason.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, Mike Deft in chat says thrifty ice cream is still a thing here.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think last I heard it's made in Mexico.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I could be wrong, but I thought that's where I heard it was being imported from.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, oh, DJ Ranma S says Walgreens only bought some of Rite Aid.
[SPEAKER_06]: I thought they bought the whole thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, Walgreens is not doing well anyways.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, it turns out when you lock up all of your merchandise, people just say, fuck it, I'll buy it online.
[SPEAKER_06]: How about that?
[SPEAKER_02]: I found a knockoff ice cream scoop.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, like a Throfty brand?
[SPEAKER_01]: Thrifty apparently did, there was a release of the Thrifty official scoop.
[SPEAKER_01]: They came out in 2019.
[SPEAKER_01]: I found one on Amazon.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, nice.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I found some eBay ones.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, the scoop is part of the charm.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just this very odd cylindrical shape.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the thing about it is, when you get like a triple, it stacks perfectly.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's like a mathematically perfect ice cream cone.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: it's great anyway with that we're going to wrap up our show tonight thank you all so much for listening to Orange Lounge Radio and participating with our show tonight we appreciate you if you enjoyed what you heard here tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice
[SPEAKER_06]: but we need more voices to put out on air a nice five star review on a site like Apple Podcasts or Spotify or YouTube wherever you found this show is super appreciated and we hope to see you here live for a show on Sunday I believe there is a big football game on the television next week that will not stop us from doing our show yeah we don't we don't I mean if that's your thing cool have fun but we'll be here doing our thing and we hope you'll be able to join us usually the game is damn near over by the time
[SPEAKER_06]: We're doing our thing, so we'll see.
[SPEAKER_03]: I hope they both lose.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've got to a point in my life where I'm just like, people can enjoy it.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_01]: May your team sports better than the other.
[SPEAKER_06]: May your seven-layer bean dip be wonderful.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because that's what I associate that game day with is food.
[SPEAKER_01]: Puppy bowl.
[SPEAKER_06]: And seven-layer bean dip.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I hope your seven-layer bean dip is amazing.
[SPEAKER_01]: I want the puppy bowl and the kitten halftime.
[SPEAKER_06]: yeah, Bobby in chat says I enjoy the gathering more than what's on the TV very that alright anyway, DarkSakura I imagine you're streaming tonight some Dead by Delight is there still limited modes going on?
[SPEAKER_06]: is Chaos still a thing?
[SPEAKER_01]: no although they're saying that the new 2v8 is coming and one of the killers that's going to be in it is Legion
[SPEAKER_06]: Ah, oh boy.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that means I have someone to play.
[SPEAKER_01]: I got to see someone play the Tomie version of Spirit for the Junji Ito collection.
[SPEAKER_03]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_01]: and she's got different voice lines it's pretty sweet oh really I didn't know that Spirit's one of the killers I really love playing but I haven't played in so long at this point the Tomie skin is all the Junji Ito skins are perfect especially what they do with the twins for the family oh they are they're beautiful I mean I like I like the Tomie manga I hadn't seen the movies believe it or not but I was a big fan and then uh there's one for Kate I think that's the marionette
[SPEAKER_01]: and then Jane has one where I gotta forget it's another of the ones I haven't seen but oh I think it's from the Balloon Head one the Balloon Head manga is really freaking creepy so anyway but yeah I'm gonna play alright we'll see what happens if I'm gonna kill or survive we'll see you in a few minutes then have a good stream oh final thought though before you go I gotta go to the bathroom let me go alright bye bye
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, then Loki, we go to you.
[SPEAKER_06]: What's your final thought tonight?
[SPEAKER_05]: Not much, but yeah, just have we're starting our new season here in about a couple weeks.
[SPEAKER_05]: So new season, new map, new old projects and stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: Talking about Minecraft, of course.
[SPEAKER_06]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_06]: My final thought is Civilization 7 all night VOG party when?
[SPEAKER_06]: All night VOG party when?
[SPEAKER_06]: Bobby Blackwolf Bobby Blackwolf all night VOG party on Civ 7 when?
[SPEAKER_06]: And by all night, I mean 1am is when I'll eventually fall asleep.
[SPEAKER_06]: Although that's going to be like 4am for you, so maybe it is 4am.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe it is all night.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ha ha ha!
[SPEAKER_06]: anyway I'm excited for Civ 7 so that'll be that's two weeks out but still still I'm excited uh we'll be here to talk uh next week about I guess for some people it is in the next week if you pay the extra money for the deluxe edition or whatever you get access to it this week but you know I hate that shit I don't support that shit so I'm not I'm not paying for early access I don't care if it's a civilization game uh I will I will wait four more fucking days I have Diablo 4 to
[SPEAKER_06]: Catch up on and finish the season so I have plenty of time for Civ 7 and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I will wait till the 11th like most people will be.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Have a great week, everybody.
[SPEAKER_06]: Happy gaming.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_06]: Good night.
[SPEAKER_04]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_04]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_04]: See you next week.